I've seen it on the red carpet
It's really rare to rub seats
And especially those who are kicked out by the staff
Even rarer
It is estimated that the Internet is laughing at Jiang Yurong now
Will it be buckwheat?
But how can a person do it in just a few months?
So thin
Buckwheat, where the hell are you?
The last award today
It's our best performance award
The winner is Jiang Yurong
Thank you for your support.
Thank you fans for liking it too.
I really didn't expect me to win the award too
Because of the previous advocacy turmoil
I was framed by someone with a heart, so
What's wrong with ginger down?
You did it on purpose
I am afraid
But at least I helped you make you popular
What makes you say that?
You help me if I hadn't found your voice
How do you pay off your debt with your family?
Can you let the idioms help you pay it back?
Don't tell the idiom
I don't want to drag him down
Let me tell you a secret.
I know you didn't spoil me back then
However, he thought that woman was me
After all, it sounds so good
How can it belong to you?